README.md, before:

# Pongpan_Ingpanuwong_test
A test for internship at Unit Co.Ltd.

Please refer to the following
- Answer 1 is the algorithm exam, it have two parts
    - assignment 1.1 Turtle walking, 
        A turtle starts at coordinate (0,0) on an N x N matrix and moves in zig-zag pattern starting from South to North alternating direction after each column until it passes through all elements.
    - assignment 1.2 Brick on the Wall
        Imagine you are walking along a wall, carrying a bag of bricks.
        At each step, look at the current wall height.
        -> If the wall is higher than your last placed brick, you must add bricks to reach
            the new height.
        -> If the wall is equal or lower, no bricks are needed, and you can continue
            walking.
- Answer 2 is the assignment 2 Mini Fullstack Project
    This is a simple todo app with the following capability
    1) User can add new Todo by press the pink button on bottom-right of the screen
    2) User can say they finish the todo task by tap the purple button, the button will changed to correct mark
        and all Todo text have strike-through line
    3) User can edit the Todo by tap the yellow gear button
    4) User can delete the Todo by press the red button
    5) Whenever user do anything to any Todo, the app will automatically load the current state of Todos.
       
    The backend is written in Go language because I mainly use C language when study at 42Bangkok, and I shortly found that
    I'm really familiar with Go really fast
    The frontend is written in Flutter because I have zero experience on Frontend, and since we currently access web via
    website or App on mobile phone, the frontend language with cross-platform functionality would be useful for being a
    full-stack developer.

Commit message:

Add .env reminder
Tell any repository visitor that the Todo app need .env file with sqlite password in order to function.

README.md, after:

# Pongpan_Ingpanuwong_test
A test for internship at Unit Co.Ltd.

Please refer to the following
- Answer 1 is the algorithm exam, it have two parts
    - assignment 1.1 Turtle walking, 
        A turtle starts at coordinate (0,0) on an N x N matrix and moves in zig-zag pattern starting from South to North alternating direction after each column until it passes through all elements.
    - assignment 1.2 Brick on the Wall
        Imagine you are walking along a wall, carrying a bag of bricks.
        At each step, look at the current wall height.
        -> If the wall is higher than your last placed brick, you must add bricks to reach
            the new height.
        -> If the wall is equal or lower, no bricks are needed, and you can continue
            walking.
- Answer 2 is the assignment 2 Mini Fullstack Project
    This is a simple todo app with the following capability
    1) User can add new Todo by press the pink button on bottom-right of the screen
    2) User can say they finish the todo task by tap the purple button, the button will changed to correct mark
        and all Todo text have strike-through line
    3) User can edit the Todo by tap the yellow gear button
    4) User can delete the Todo by press the red button
    5) Whenever user do anything to any Todo, the app will automatically load the current state of Todos.
       
    To set the backend running, create a .env file in backend directory, and type in any password in SQL_PASSWORD=(your password) and save it before using cmd "go run ."
